'\" te
.\" Copyright (c) 2008, Sun Microsystems Inc. All
.\" Rights Reserved.
.\" Portions Copyright (c) 2011 ForgeRock AS.
.TH opendj 5 "October 2011" "1.2" "&man5;"
.SH NAME
OpenDJ \- a high-performance, highly-extensible,
LDAPv3 compliant directory server
.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
.LP
OpenDJ is a high-performance, highly-extensible, pure Java directory
server. The server is fully compliant with the LDAPv3 standard, and passes
all of the compliance, interoperability and security tests suites. The
directory server implements most of the standard and experimental LDAP extensions
defined in the IETF as RFCs or Internet-Drafts, ensuring maximum
interoperability with LDAP client applications.
.sp
.LP
The OpenDJ software includes a rich set of APIs making the directory
server easy to extend. The directory server supports a loosely consistent
multi-master replication model that guarantees high availability of data for
all operations, searches or updates. While theoretically unlimited with regard
to the number of masters, the directory server has been stressed under heavy
and durable load with four masters.
.sp
.LP
The OpenDJ software includes:
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
A graphical installation tool (QuickSetup) that enables you
to have a server configured, and up and running in less than 3 minutes.
.RE
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
A graphical control panel (\fBbin/control-panel\fR)
that displays server status information and enables you to perform basic directory
server administration
.RE
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
A rich set of command-line utilities to perform all online
administrative tasks both interactively and scripted
.RE
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
Advanced security and password policies
.RE
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
Advanced backup and restore capabilities
.RE
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
Extensive user documentation at http://opendj.forgerock.org/docs.html.
.RE
.LP
Note -
.sp
.RS 2
The default settings for the directory server are targeted
at the initial evaluator or developer, running on a machine with a limited
amount of resources. To scale the server, it is important to do initial tuning
of the Java VM and of the server itself.
.RE
.sp
.LP
Support for OpenDJ is available from ForgeRock. More information
at http://www.forgerock.com.
.SH USAGE
.sp
.LP
To install the directory server from IPS packages perform the following
steps:
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
As the root user, run the \fBconfigure\fR
command to create an instance of the directory server in a specific location,
running as a specific user. For more information, see the configure (1) man page.
.RE
.RS +4
.TP
.ie t \(bu
.el o
Run the \fBsetup\fR command as this user to
install and configure the directory server instance. For more information,
see http://opendj.forgerock.org/doc/install-guide/OpenDJ-Install-Guide.html\&.
.RE
.sp
.LP
For additional configuration of the directory server, use the \fBcontrol-panel\fR or the \fBdsconfig\fR command. For more information,
see http://opendj.forgerock.org/doc/admin-guide/OpenDJ-Admin-Guide/control-panel-1.html
and http://opendj.forgerock.org/doc/admin-guide/OpenDJ-Admin-Guide/dsconfig-1.html\&.
