'\" te
.\" Copyright (c) 2008, Sun Microsystems Inc. All
.\" Rights Reserved.
.TH unconfigure 1 "December 2008" "1.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
unconfigure \- unconfigures an OpenDS instance that was  installed by using the package installation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
.nf
\fBunconfigure\fR \fIoptions\fR
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.sp
.LP
The \fBunconfigure\fR command ensures that the removal of an OpenDS  package does not leave the host in an inconsistent state. The command stops the  directory server instance, removes the SMF registration, and resets the instance  location. The command does not remove the server instance files themselves.
.sp
.LP
Run the \fBunconfigure\fR command as root before removing the OpenDS  package. Do not run this command if you intend to upgrade the directory server.
.sp
.LP
This command is available in the OpenSolaris\u\s-2TM\s+2\d package installation only.
.sp
.LP
Run \fBunconfigure --help\fR for more information.
.SH OPTIONS
.sp
.LP
The following options are supported:
.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-?\fR, \fB-H\fR, \fB--help\fR\fR
.ad
.RS 18n
.rt  
Displays usage information.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-V\fR, \fB--version\fR\fR
.ad
.RS 18n
.rt  
Displays directory server version information.
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
\fBExample 1 \fRRemoving a Directory Server Package Installation
.sp
.LP
The following commands unset the instance path for a directory server package  installation, and then remove the package:

.sp
.in +2
.nf
# /usr/opends/unconfigure 
# pkgrm opends
.fi
.in -2
.sp

.SH ATTRIBUTES
.sp
.LP
See \fBattributes\fR(5) for descriptions of the following attributes:
.sp

.sp
.TS
tab() box;
cw(2.75i) |cw(2.75i) 
lw(2.75i) |lw(2.75i) 
.
ATTRIBUTE TYPEATTRIBUTE VALUE
_
Interface StabilityUncommitted
.TE

